[charts] Make scatter chart use data attributes (#18048)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/scatter/scatter.md

{{"demo": "GridDemo.js"}}

### CSS

> You can target scatter elements with CSS selector by using the following data attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can target scatter markers with CSS selectors by using the following data attributes:
```

- `data-series-id='<series id>'`

> - `data-highlighted=true|false`
> - `data-faded=true|false`

Reviewer: Not sure if this looks better:

```suggestion
- `data-highlighted=true` or `data-highlighted=false`
- `data-faded=true` or `data-faded=false`
```

The previous option didn't look that great to me: 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b0660eb6-cb02-49b9-b6ab-0b4d386fdd3a)

> Here is an example the modify how highlight impact items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example that customizes the look of highlighted items depending on the series they belong to.
```

{{"demo": "GridDemo.js"}}

### CSS

You can target scatter markers with the following CSS selectors:

- `[data-series='<series id>']` Selects the group containing markers of the series with the given id.
- `[data-highlighted=true]` Selects markers with highlighted state.
- `[data-faded=true]` Selects markers with faded state.

> To select all marker groups, use the `scatterClasses.root` classe name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To select all marker groups, use the `scatterClasses.root` class.
```
